CLUSTRIX

By clicking on this button you acknowledge that either: (1) you have already
obtained a license from Clustrix, or a Clustrix partner, for your use of the
software and that your use is governed by the Clustrix Subscription License
Agreement plus the applicable ordering document(s) executed with Clustrix or a
Clustrix partner (such license agreement and associated ordering document
collectively the "License Agreement"); or (2) if you have not already obtained
a license from Clustrix or a Clustrix partner for your use of the software, you
accept that the Clustrix Terms of Use - Subscription License Agreement below
governs your use of the software. 

By selecting the "I accept" checkbox (in the Clustrix startup wizard) or typing
"Yes" (in the command-line installer) you indicate your acceptance of these 
terms and your agreement, as an authorized representative of your company or 
organization (if being acquired for use by an entity) or as an individual, to 
comply with the license terms that apply to the software that you wish to 
download and access. If you are not willing to be bound by these terms, then do
not select the "I accept" checkbox and instead close the Clustrix startup 
wizard, or type "Q" and close the command-line installer.

Terms of Use - Subscription License Agreement

1. Definitions. 
1.1. "Core(s)" means a physical core that is a processing unit within a 
processor. When running on a virtual machine, Core means a virtual core. 
1.2. "Enterprise Edition" means the version of the Software designated as
the Enterprise Edition of the Software on this Order. Form. 
1.3. "Enterprise Period" means the term designated in this Order Form for any 
Enterprise Edition Software being ordered under this Order Form. 
1.4.  "Evaluation Edition" means the version of the Software designated as the 
Evaluation Edition of the Software on this Order Form. 
1.5.  "Evaluation Period" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and
ending on the date that is forty-five (45) days thereafter or as extended by 
Clustrix in writing. 
1.6. "Professional Edition" means the version of the Software designated as the
Professional Edition of the Software on this Order Form. "Professional Period" 
means the term designated in this Order Form for any Professional Edition 
Software being ordered under this Order Form. 
1.7. "Product" means the Software and all associated documentation (if any) 
("Documentation") 
1.8. "Software" means Clustrix’s proprietary software application provided 
hereunder.

2. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Clustrix grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license (without
the right to sublicense), solely for the applicable version of the Product that
You have licensed and solely for the applicable Evaluation Period, Professional
Period, or Enterprise Period, to (i) install the Software on your internal or
your third party service providers’ Core(s) on the condition that only You have
access to the Software on such third party service providers’ Core(s); (ii) for
the Evaluation Edition, use the Product solely for internal evaluation purposes
as necessary to determine the feasibility of using the Software and for the
Professional Edition or Enterprise Edition, to use the Product solely for
internal business use; (iii) use all associated Documentation in connection
with such authorized use of the Software; and (iv) make one copy of the
Documentation solely for archival and backup purposes. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) for the Professional Edition, You may
only install and use the Software on the number of Core(s) for which You have
paid Clustrix the applicable fees, up to a maximum of 48 Cores; and (ii) for
the Enterprise Edition, You may install and use the Software on an unlimited
amount of Cores. The Software may be accessed and downloaded only from
Clustrix’s website using a license key which Clustrix will deliver to you.

3. Open Source Software. The Software may contain open source software
components ("Open Source Components"). Such Open Source Components are not
licensed under this Agreement, but are instead licensed under the terms of the
applicable open source license. Your use of each Open Source Component is
subject to the terms of each applicable license which are available to You on
request from Clustrix and, notwithstanding any provision herein to the
contrary, You are solely responsible for its compliance with such licenses.

4. Restrictions. You shall absolutely not, and shall absolutely not permit any
third party to: (i) reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to
discover the source code of all or any portion of the Software; (ii) reproduce,
modify, translate or create derivative works of all or any portion of the
Product; (iii) assist any third party to gain access, license, sublicense,
resell distribute, assign, transfer or use the Product; (iv) remove or destroy
any proprietary notices contained on or in the Product or any copies thereof;
or (v) publish or disclose the results of any benchmarking of the Products, or
use such results for Your own competing software development activities. You
acknowledge and agree that the Software includes functionality that reports the
number of Cores on which the Software is being used and permits Clustrix the
ability to monitor certain usage of the Software which is fundamental to the
business of Clustrix ("Critical Control Software").

5. Limited Warranty and Disclaimer of Warranty.

5.1. Evaluation Edition. During the Evaluation Period, Your rights to use the
Product is time limited and You agree that the Products are meant for
evaluation purposes only. During the Evaluation Period, the Product should not
be used in a commercial operating environment or with important data. Before
using the Product, You should back up all of Your data and regularly back up
data while using the Product. YOU AGREE THAT CLUSTRIX AND ITS LICENSORS PROVIDE
THE EVALUATION EDITION ON AN "AS IS" AND "WHERE-AS" BASIS DURING THE EVALUATION
PERIOD.

5.2. Professional Edition and Enterprise Edition. Solely for the Professional
Edition and the Enterprise Edition, Clustrix represents and warrants to You
only that the Software when used for its intended purpose and in accordance
with the Documentation, will materially conform to Clustrix’s published
specifications for a period of ninety (90) calendar days from the Effective
Date. Your sole and exclusive remedy, and Clustrix’s sole and exclusive
liability for any breach of this warranty will be, at Clustrix’s sole
discretion, to either fix the Software to remedy the defect or refund the
applicable Software license fees paid by You for the Software, in each case on
condition that You promptly notify Clustrix in writing of any alleged breach of
this warranty within such ninety (90) calendar day period. This warranty is
null and void to the extent the Software is used for an unintended purpose, is
used other than in accordance with its published documentation or
specifications, or is otherwise used in breach of this Agreement.

5.3.  Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE, NEITHER
CLUSTRIX NOR ITS LICENSORS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE
OF THE PRODUCT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND CLUSTRIX
AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6. Intellectual Property Rights and Feedback. All rights, title and interest in
and to the Products and any improvements, updates, upgrades, modifications,
changes, or additions thereto, shall at all times remain the property of
Clustrix or its licensors. Nothing herein shall give or be deemed to give You
any right, title or interest in or to the same except for the license to use as
expressly provided in this Agreement. Clustrix reserves all rights not
expressly granted herein. Any materials, information, ideas, concepts, feedback
and know-how provided by You to Clustrix concerning the Product and any
information reported automatically through the Product to Clustrix ("Feedback")
will be the property of Clustrix. You agree to assign, and hereby assign, all
right, title and interest worldwide in the Feedback, and the related
intellectual property rights, to Clustrix and agree to assist Clustrix, at
Clustrix’s expense, in perfecting and enforcing such rights.

7. Technical Support. You are entitled to receive technical support in
accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Clustrix Support Policy that can be found at
https://support.clustrix.com/("Technical Support Terms"). Clustrix may add to,
change or remove any part, term or condition of the Technical Support Terms at
any time without prior notice to You; provided however, that any such changes
which occur during the then-current Initial or Renewal Term which materially
diminish the benefit of the technical support, will not take effect for You
until the start of the next Renewal Term.

8. Fees & Payment Terms.

8.1. Fees. The license fees payable by You for the Initial Term will be as set
forth in the applicable Quote.  All terms herein, including without limitation,
the pricing terms, are confidential, and You agree not to disclose them to any
third party.  For the Professional Edition You will be required to pay overage
fees equal to [120%] of the then current list price for usage in excess of the
number of Cores specified on the applicable Order Form.  Such fees will be
billed at the end of each month, quarter, or year at the discretion of
Clustrix.  All fees are payable in the currency of the United States of
America.

8.2.  Payment Terms. All fees are due as per the payment terms specified on the
Quote and shall be deemed non-refundable upon payment.  You are responsible for
paying a monthly finance charge on late payments at the rate of 1.5% per month
or the highest amount permitted by law, whichever is lower, until paid in full.
You will reimburse any costs or expenses (including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorney fees) incurred by Clustrix to collect any amount that is
not paid when due.  Amounts due from You under this agreement may not be
withheld or offset by You against amounts due to You for any reason.  All fees
are payable in the currency of the United States of America. All fees
specifically exclude (and You are responsible for) any and all applicable
sales, use and other taxes, other than taxes based on Clustrix's income.

8.3. Changes to Fees. Clustrix may increase its annual subscription fees to
take effect for the upcoming Renewal Period, upon notice given at least 90
prior to the start of the upcoming next Renewal Period, which notice may be
provided by e-mail to Your email address.

8.4. Audit. During the term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter,
Clustrix or its designated agent may inspect Your facilities and records to
verify Your compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any such inspection
will take place only during Your normal business hours and upon not less than
ten (10) business days’ prior written notice from Clustrix. You shall
reasonably cooperate with such audit and shall make such personnel, facilities
and records available as Clustrix may reasonably request. Clustrix will give
You written notice of any non-compliance, including any use of the Software or
services beyond that authorized under this Agreement and without limiting
Clustrix’s remedies arising from such unauthorized use, You shall promptly: (i)
cease such unauthorized use and (ii) pay Clustrix any additional fees due to
the extent Your use of the Software has exceeded the scope purchased by You. If
any underpayment exceeds 5% then You will also pay the costs reasonably
incurred by Clustrix in connection with the inspection.

9. Limitation of Liability; Allocation of Risk.

9.1. Limitation of Liability. NEITHER CLUSTRIX NOR ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE
LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR
DAMAGES ARISING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF CONTENT OR DATA OR ANY ACTUAL OR
ANTICIPATED DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY ON WHICH SUCH DAMAGES MAY
BE BASED, AND EVEN IF CLUSTRIX OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FOR THE EVALUATION PERIOD, IN NO EVENT SHALL
CLUSTRIX’S DIRECT DAMAGES EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US $100.00). FOR THE
PROFESSIONAL PERIOD AND/OR THE ENTERPRISE PERIOD, IN NO EVENT SHALL CLUSTRIX’S
DIRECT DAMAGES EXCEED THE FEES PAID AND PAYABLE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLUSTRIX PARTIES’ LIABILITY.
ADDITIONALLY, IN NO EVENT SHALL CLUSTRIX'S LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
OF ANY KIND.

9.2. Allocation of Risk. You and Clustrix agree that the foregoing Section 9.1
on limitation of liability and the Section 5.3 above on warranty disclaimer
fairly allocate the risks in the Agreement between the parties. You and
Clustrix further agree that this allocation is an essential element of the
basis of the bargain between the parties and that the limitations specified in
this Section 9 shall apply notwithstanding any failure of the essential purpose
of this Agreement or any limited remedy hereunder.

10. Indemnification. Solely with respect to any use of the Professional Edition
during any Professional Period or the Enterprise Edition during any Enterprise
Period, Clustrix shall indemnify, defend and hold You and Your officers,
directors, employees, shareholders, contractors and agents harmless from any
claim, loss, damage, cost, expense or liability for direct infringement of any
United States patent or copyright by the Software, provided that the Software
has not been modified or combined with any materials not provided by Clustrix,
and provided that You (a) promptly give written notice of the claim to
Clustrix; (b) give Clustrix sole control of the defense and settlement of the
claim (provided that Clustrix may not settle or defend any claim without first
obtaining Your prior written consent if the settlement includes any admission
of liability by You); and (c) provide to Clustrix, at Clustrix’s cost, all
reasonable assistance. Should the use of the Software be enjoined, Clustrix
shall, or in the event that the Clustrix desires to minimize its liabilities
hereunder, Clustrix may do one of the following, at its sole option and
expense, to: (i) obtain through negotiation the right of You to continue using
the infringing Software; (ii) rework the Software so as to make it
non-infringing while preserving its original functionality; (iii) replace the
Software with functionally equivalent software; or (iv) refund to You unused
prepaid fees paid for the infringing Software hereunder. THIS SECTION STATES
THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF CLUSTRIX WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OF ANY
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS BY THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

11. Confidentiality.

11.1.  Definition of Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" of a
party shall mean (i) any technical and non-technical information related to
such party’s business and current, future and proposed products and Software,
including for example and without limitation, information concerning research,
development, design details and specifications, financial information,
procurement requirements, engineering and manufacturing information, customer
lists, business forecasts, sales information, marketing plans and business
plans, logs and other debugging artifacts, benchmark or comparison tests, bug
tracking and quality measurements, information exchanged in the course of
providing or receiving support, and encrypted or obfuscated information,
whether or not decrypted; and (ii) any information that may be made known to
the receiving party and which the disclosing party has received from others
that the disclosing party is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary,
in each case, which information shall be marked as confidential. The Products
are the Confidential Information of Clustrix and You agree that You will not
disclose any information about the Products to any third party without
Clustrix’s express written consent.

11.2. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information and Confidentiality
Obligations. Neither party will use, disseminate or in any way disclose any
Confidential Information of the other party to any person, firm or business.
Each party shall treat all Confidential Information with the same degree of
care as such party accords to its own confidential information but not less
than reasonable care. Each party shall disclose Confidential Information only
to its employees or representatives who have a need to know such information.
Each party certifies that each such employee or representative will have
agreed, either as a condition of employment or in order to obtain the
Confidential Information, to be bound by terms and conditions substantially
similar to those terms and conditions applicable to such party under this
Agreement. Each party shall immediately give notice to the other party of any
unauthorized use or disclosure of the other party’s Confidential Information.
Each party shall assist the other party in remedying any such unauthorized use
or disclosure of the other party’s Confidential Information.

11.3. Exceptions. Confidential Information shall not include any information
that (i) was in the public domain at or subsequent to the time such information
was communicated to the receiving party by the disclosing party through no
fault of the receiving party; (ii) was rightfully in the receiving party’s
possession free of any obligation of confidence at or subsequent to the time
such information was communicated to the receiving party by the disclosing
party; or (iii) is or was developed by the receiving party’s employees,
contractors or agents independently of and without reference to any
Confidential Information of the disclosing party. A disclosure of any
Confidential Information by the receiving party (a) in response to a valid
order by a court or other governmental body or (b) as otherwise required by law
shall not be considered to be a breach of this Agreement or a waiver of
confidentiality for other purposes; provided, however, that the receiving party
shall provide prompt prior written notice thereof to the disclosing party to
enable the disclosing party to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent
such disclosure.

11.4. Ownership of Materials. All Confidential Information shall be the
property of the disclosing party and no license or other rights to Confidential
Information is granted or implied hereby. Within five (5) days after any
request by the disclosing party, the receiving party shall destroy or deliver
to the disclosing party, at the disclosing party’s option, all Confidential
Information of the disclosing party in the possession of the receiving party.
The receiving party will provide the disclosing party, upon request, a written
certification of such party’s compliance with the obligations under this
Section.

12.  Term and Termination.

12.1. Term. The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") is for the
period listed and commencing on the dates specified on the applicable Quote
(the "Effective Date"). Upon the expiration of the Evaluation Period, if any,
this Agreement terminates and You must cease use of the Product unless You and
Clustrix have entered into an order for your use of the Professional Edition or
the Enterprise Edition. If You convert from the Evaluation Edition to the
Professional Edition or Enterprise Edition, Clustrix may provide You with a new
license key or may require You to re-download the Software, as Clustrix
determines in its sole discretion.

12.2. Termination. This Agreement will terminate immediately upon written
notice from Clustrix if You fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement. Except for Section 2 ("License Grant"), all Sections of this
Agreement shall survive termination for a period of three (3) years from the
date hereof. On termination of this Agreement, You must cease using the
Software and Clustrix may destroy all of Your data that You have submitted
through the Software. If You have exceeded Your authorized license usage
(including, without limitation, by installation of the Software on more Cores
than You are authorized), the license key for the Software may disable the
Software automatically or render the Software read-only.

13. Government End Users. The Product provided under this Agreement is
commercial computer software programs developed solely at private expense. As
defined in U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) section 2.101 and U.S.
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations (DFAR) sections 252.227-7014(a)(1) and
252.227-7014(a)(5) (or otherwise as applicable to You), the Product licensed in
this Agreement is deemed to be "commercial items" and "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation." Consistent with FAR
section 12.212 and DFAR section 227.7202, (or such other similar provisions as
may be applicable to You), any use, modification, reproduction, release,
performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial Product or commercial
Product documentation by the U.S. government (or any agency or contractor
thereof) shall be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and shall be
prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this
Agreement.

14. No Export. You agree and certify that neither the Product nor any other
technical data received from Clustrix, nor the direct product thereof, will be
exported outside the United States or re-exported except as authorized and as
permitted by the laws and regulations of the United States and/or the laws and
regulations of the jurisdiction, (if other than the United States) in which You
rightfully obtained the Product.

15.  General Provisions. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal delivery, or by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed
given upon personal delivery, five (5) calendar days after deposit in the mail,
or upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission. This Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard
to conflict of laws principles. The parties agree that the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically
excluded from application to this Agreement. If any provision hereof shall be
held illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision
shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it legal, valid and
enforceable, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be
affected thereby. The failure of either party to enforce any right or provision
of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating an agency, partnership,
or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. This Agreement may not
be assigned, sublicensed or otherwise transferred by either party without the
other party's prior written consent except that either party may assign this
Agreement without the other party's consent to any entity that acquires all or
substantially all of such party’s business or assets, whether by merger, sale
of assets, or otherwise, provided that such entity assumes and agrees in
writing to be bound by all of such party’s obligations under this Agreement. In
the event any judicial proceeding, lawsuit or claim is brought by one party
against the other party in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover its reasonable fees and costs, including but not
limited to attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, consultant fees, and related
costs and expenses. This Agreement constitutes the parties’ entire
understanding regarding the Product, and supersedes any and all other prior or
contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral.



